DAN KOUZO: Things on Earth were going really well
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then out of nowhere, we were invaded
by these mysterious evil Mechtogan
who were intent on destroyed everything!
Coredegon,
Slycerak,
Exostriker,
and Mandibor were their names,
and leading them was this clown, Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets.
Luckily for us, we had our own secret weapon
in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So we fought back, because no one is gonna take our freedom-
not now, not ever!
\u266a What are you gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all
\u266a This is the final stand
\u266a The power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You got to fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is Bakugan
\u266a
It's so good to be back.
Hey, guys. Look who it is!
Welcome back, Mira.
You look really great!
Hey there, everyone.
(Excited babbling)
It's good to see you too.
I trust you're feeling way better.
Oh, yes.
The doctors kept me in for an extra week in the end!
Better safe than sorry.
Just make sure you don't push yourself too hard
like you did before.
Don't worry, I've learned my lesson.
And besides, I've got help.
From Runo, now.
Uh-- yeah! Of course.
But are-- are you sure you're not mad at me?
Mm-hm.
It wasn't your fault.
The Battle Suits were stolen.
You sure?
Take it easy on yourself, Runo.
That scumbag Wiseman tricked us all!
(Growling)
Hey! Take it easy.
(Gibberish)
I know that Gunz is Wiseman
and that he and Reptak used to be partners.
So what?
It's okay, Roxtor. Radizen is right.
The Gunz we were fighting isn't the person I used to know.
What's wrong, Kouzo?
You look disappointed.
Perhaps you were looking for...
your old friend, Gunz?
So then,
it was you all along, Gunz!
You creep!
Gunz, Wiseman, whatever his name is,
he's the enemy now.
I understand that and I'm ready to fight no matter what.
That's the spirit.
We're gonna get to the bottom of this multiple personality
one way or another. (Grunting)
DAN: Bakugan Battle Brawlers in--
MIRA: As unfortunate as it is
that Wiseman stole a bunch of Battle Suits,
luckily for us he didn't get Defendtrix.
What makes you say that, Mira?
So why is Defendtrix so special?
Well, Defendtrix has an EMPS,
which stands for electro-magnetic pulse system.
DAN: Um, yeah. Great.
So what the heck is that?
It's a device that shoots out an electrical disturbance signal,
rendering other Battle Suits useless in three minute bursts.
So once we use it,
we'll only have a short window to get our BakuMeter back.
Do you understand, Dan?
Three minutes should be plenty.
You said it, pal.
I don't think Wiseman's going to wait very long
before trying to use our own suits against us in battle.
I bet that creep's chomping at the bit.
You're right, so let's not sit around and wait
for him to get the first shot in, okay?
Let's take the fight to Wiseman!
Wiseman!
Mm?
You haven't said much since you came back
from your last battle with your tail between your legs.
What are we waiting around for?
(Softly chuckling)
Don't take your frustrations over your own failure
out on me, Kodokor.
What did you say?
Every battle we've lost against the Battle Brawlers
has been the result of you Nonets
not having enough power to defeat Drago.
How dare you speak to us like that?!
Take it easy, Kodokor.
I wasn't finished speaking yet so listen up.
Inside this device are the new Battle Suits Mira developed
that I managed to steal
from Battle Brawlers headquarters.
Interesting.
Yes, what can these suits do?
Why talk more
when we can take this thing out for a test drive instead?
Excellent. Now you're speaking my language!
So does this mean you're done trying to shift the blame to me,
and that I have your trust?
Okay, let's get to it.
Who wants to join me for the next round against the Brawlers?
The rest of you can stand back.
I'm first in line for this.
I'm going too.
I've got unfinished business with those rodents.
This better not be another one
of your failed strategies, Wiseman!
Ha! (Chuckling)
Balista, are you in or out?
Thanks, but I'll pass.
Ready to roll, guys?
Yeah. MARUCHO: You bet!
Bakugan-- brawl!
Baku Sky Raider, jump!
Go for it, Fusion Dragonoid!
\u266a
Bakugan, brawl!
Baku Sky Raider, jump!
Go! Haos, Reptak!
Ha!
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, Spin!
Go Aquos Radizen!
Bring on the brawling!
Bakugan, brawl!
Baku Sky Raider, jump!
Go get 'em, Jaakor!
(Roaring)
(Thundering landing)
RUNO OVER RADIO: Everyone in position, Dan?
We're good to go.
Okay!
Here we go, guys!
(Beeping)
Coordinates set.
Battle Suit Defendtrix,
teleport to Drago.
Battle Suit Doomtronic 02,
teleport to Reptak.
Are you ready, Marucho?
MARUCHO: You bet!
(Beeping)
Battle Suit Blasterate,
teleport to Radizen!
(Fire roaring)
(Grunting)
(Epic music playing)
Uagh!
\u266a
Oh, yeah!
Connection complete.
Now powering up battle system.
(Beeping)
Synchro-rate full power!
(Rumbling, birds chirping)
Flying around with those Battle Suits
requires a lot of physical and mental stamina.
I hope Wiseman doesn't keep us waiting for long.
Luckily, our Bakugan seem to have more power than the Nonets.
What happens if Wiseman doesn't fall for our trick?
Maybe it's too obvious!
It doesn't matter.
Wiseman will want nothing more than to try to defeat us
using our own suits.
He'll come, don't worry.
Reptak, Radizen.
Since we're out here anyway,
we might as well get some practice in.
You read my mind, Drago.
I'm totally down with that plan.
I am way ahead of you guys. Let's do this!
Whoa!
(Blasting)
That's right.
You gotta stay on your toes when you're battling me.
Too bad you left your back completely open. Hah!
Whoa! Where did that come from?
(Crashing)
Maybe I shouldn't have spoken so soon!
Uagh!
(Grunting)
Oh yeah, pal?
Whoa!
Oh, man, this is awesome!
Look at those guys go out there!
Wow!
You do know they're just practicing, right?
It's not a real battle.
Well, of course I do but sometimes I just--
get carried away.
You hear that?
Yeah.
It sounds like Wiseman's here.
There you are!
(Growling)
It was hard to miss you.
You practically sent flares up.
I didn't expect the welcome wagon.
(Groaning)
What do ya say, Kouzo?
Shall we get down to business?
I'm ready whenever you are, Wiseman.
Okay, then.
Bakugan, brawl!
Baku Sky Raider, jump!
Rise, Darkus Kodokor!
Rah!
Baku Sky Raider, jump!
Rise, Darkus Mutabrid!
Rise, Darkus Betadron!
(Growling)
Deploy Battle Suits!
Combustoid, Clawbruk, Fortatron!
\u266a
Does anything here look familiar to you, Dan?
Maybe, but we'll be taking those back!
Well then, come and get them, Kouzo!
Prepare to have your Battle Suits turned on you, Brawlers!
Get ready, Radizen. We can do this.
DAN: Drago! Run interference on Combustoid!
You got it.
Where are you going, Drago?
Hah!
(Grunting)
(Blasting)
DAN: Time for our secret weapon, Drago!
Electro-magnetic pulse system engage!
I don't think so!
(Grunting)
So, Betadron, how do you like fighting in the new Battle Suit?
Not too bad!
I could get used to this. (Snickering)
Get back here!
(Grunting)
You're too slow!
DAN: Stay on him, Drago!
No problem.
Hold on. You didn't forget about me, did you?
Agh!
He can't use the pulse!
(Whooshing)
Give it up, Drago.
(Blasting)
Marucho, you have to get them away from Drago.
MARUCHO: Okay!
You heard the man, Radizen.
You got it, Boss!
Reptak, we need you to act as backup for Drago.
No problem.
Let's go, Jaakor.
Right.
(Blasting)
Ha, ha, ha!
Let go of me, you fool!
Ability Activate!
Moonlight Shadow Slash!
Hah!
Agh, ungh!
We need some one-on-one time, Mutabrid.
Okay, Wiseman.
You think no one has seen you
come down this hallway at night, but I have.
Now that you're out of the way,
it's time to see if you've been hiding something.
Hmm.
What do we have over here?
(Growling)
Hmm.
(Grumbling)
Should be right here.
Hmph!
(Straining)
(Stone rumbling)
I knew it!
What?
What the--
Those annoying little gnats are getting on my nerves.
You're not gonna take me down!
Are ya sure about that?
(Cackling)
Catch me if you can!
(Chuckling) Oh, snap.
(Babbling)
What do ya mean, this Battle Suit doesn't have air brakes?
Of all the places to cut corners!
Whoa!
Ooh! Ah! Aye-yi-yi-yi!
I got this, I got this--
Here we go!
Yah!
(Crashing, grunting)
Well, that didn't go as planned.
(Babbling)
I thought you wanted to fight, Jaakor,
not play a game of tag.
But I've had it with your nonsense.
(Grunting)
(Blasting)
Your strategy to pull me away from Wiseman
is pathetic and transparent,
not something I would expect from a Ninja battler
such as you.
If my plan is so transparent,
then why are you here chasing me?
It's simple.
I have a Battle Suit and you don't!
That gives me the upper hand
and means I'll make short work of you.
(Crashing)
Ah! Where'd he go?
Looks like your Battle Suit
is no match for my Ninja stealth after all!
Huh?
Ability Activate!
Fierce Demon- Thunder Clap!
Let's see how you like this!
Quit running, you coward!
Not again!
(Grunting)
(Blasting) Agh!
It's not enough.
DAN: I know!
We need to figure out a way to inflict greater damage.
You thinkin' what I'm thinkin'? Yes.
I'm reading your mail too.
Okay then, let's do this!
(Roaring)
(Clanging)
(Crashing)
I just clipped the wings of the mighty Drago!
Today's the day I finally get my revenge
by putting you down for good!
(Explosion)
Give it up. There's no point in hiding.
It's over for you, Drago!
(Grunting)
(Straining)
(Explosion)
Hold on.
What?
(Chuckling)
Where did Drago go?
Betadron! It's a trap!
Thanks, Reptak.
(Whooshing) Oh, no!
EM pulse--
--engage!
(Energy humming)
(Zapping)
(Straining)
I can't-- move my body!
It's-- got me-- too!
Okay, we've shut them down temporarily.
Now what?
Ram into them, hard!
We're trying to get his BakuMeter back, not crush them.
Are you sure that's going to work?
Trust me, pal.
It seems too heavy-handed.
Wiseman said we had to take it from him,
so that's what we're gonna do!
Okay, then.
Hang on!
(Screaming)
(Grunting)
Hand it over, you slimy creep!
Never, punk!
Time to feel my rage!
(Blasting)
MARUCHO: Oh, no!
He's deflecting all of your attacks!
(Both straining)
You're a thief and a cheat!
Yeah, so what, Kouzo?
You're unbelievable!
Back off!
Hand it over.
No! Not-- (Straining)
I can't!
Gunz!
Any final words, Kouzo, before I take you down?
Is it really you?
I told you to let go of me!
(Grunting)
(Screaming)
(Blasting)
Had enough yet?
MARUCHO: Jump, Radizen!
Whoa!
(Explosion) Aah!
Dan.
(Dizzy groaning)
(Grunting)
(Panting)
(Soft chuckling)
You are a stubborn one, aren't you?
I guess you really did
want the BakuMeter back, huh, Kouzo?
What we want is the BakuMeter
and the real Gunz back!
Sorry to tell you, but that guy is long gone.
(Grunting)
Agh!
I'm gonna have to take a rain check on today's battle, Kouzo.
Wait! (Groaning)
Nonets! Time to retreat.
(Growling)
(Beeping)
But I was winning!
This isn't over!
Until we meet again, Brawlers.
Come back here, you!
(Groaning in pain)
Are you okay, Dan?
What happened?
We saw you fall, Dan!
But you put up a good fight, though.
I guess.
(Groaning)
He's not gonna get away with this!
\u266a
(Stone rumbling)
I told you to-- let go of me!
(Internally) It looks like I borrowed more from Gunz
than just his appearance.
\u266a
No matter.
I'll be done with this body soon enough.
(Sinister chuckling)
WISEMAN: I know that the Nonets
are seething with anger and frustration
at not having beaten the Brawlers in battle yet,
but it is still crucial that they trust me.
This has all been part of my greater plan,
and if they hold out just a short while longer,
they will finally enact the vengeance
that they have been waiting countless millennia for.
Now that we have the Battle Suits in our possession,
it is only a matter of time
before Drago and the rest of his Bakugan brethren
are put down for good!
Tune in, because after this next fight,
you may never see the Brawlers or their Bakugan ever again!
\u266a